docs(plugin-ideal-image): mention plugin changes type of imported images (#8948)
facebook/docusaurus: packages/docusaurus-plugin-ideal-image/README.md

## Usage

See [plugin-ideal-image documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-ideal-image).

> ### Important 
> 
> This plugin changes the type of imported supported images.
> 
> e.g.
> 
> Before: string
> 
> After: {preSrc: string, src: import("@theme/IdealImage").SrcImage}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Important 

This plugin registers a [Webpack loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/) that changes the type of imported/require images:

- Before: `string`
- After: `{preSrc: string, src: import("@theme/IdealImage").SrcImage}`
```
